fix(bundler): don't convert product name to snake case when cross compiling (#9481)
tauri-apps/tauri: .changes/bundler-cross-uppercase-productname.md

---

> 'tauri-bundler': 'patch:bug'

Reviewer: Seems like a tauri-cli bug

---
'tauri-cli': 'patch:bug'
'@tauri-apps/cli': 'patch:bug'
---

> Fixed an issue causing the NSIS bundler to crash on non-lowercase product names when the installer was built on a non-Windows system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue with the CLI renaming the main executable in kebab-case when building for Windows on a non-Windows system which caused the bundler step to fail.
```
